#summary Index to current in-app SwitchList documentation.

= Introduction =

This is the current layout for the HTML-based AppleHelp for SwitchList.

General format is topic, _page name_.

= Details =

==Main pages==

General "How To" and introduction pages.

Main Page: _SwitchList.html_  REDO to better group what we want here.

Key Features: _pg1.html_ REDO.  Needed?

Setting Up a Layout with SwitchList _pg2.html_ ADD MORE CONTENT

Running an Operating Session with Switchlist _pg3.html_ ADD MORE CONTENT

Switchlist styles: _pg4.html_ ADD more content for different switchlists.

Reports: _pg5.html_ ADD more content.

Example Layouts _pg6.html_

Acknowledgements _pg7.html_ 

Problems:

==Conceptual documents==
high level descriptions of what Switchlist Does.

In Depth Topics: _pg10.html_ Needs intro.

Best layouts for SwitchList _pg11.html_ Still to be written.

How SwitchList decides which cars should move _pg12.html_ 

How to design cargos _pg13.html_ 

==User Interface Elements==

User interface elements _pg20.html_

Freight cars _pg21.html_

Yards _pg22.html_

Layout tab _pg23.html_

Industries tab _pg24.html_

Towns _pg25.html_

Trains _pg26.html_

Cargos _pg27.html_

Overview _pg28.html_

Preferences _pg29.html_  Does not exist.

Set Train Path _pg30.html_ Does not exist.

==SwitchList In Detail==
SwitchList in Detail _pg50.html_

Detail:Divisions for cars and industries  _pg51.html_

Detail: Importing freight cars _pg52.html_

Detail: Choosing car types, and details about AAR classifications. _pg53.html_

Detail: Viewing SwitchLists on iPad _pg54.html_

Detail: spotting cars at particular doors _pg55.html_

==SwitchList Forms==

SwitchList forms: (pg4 contains the full list)

Large Type SwitchList _pg70.html_

Narrow Southern Pacific Style _pg71.html_

Traditional From/To _pg72.html_

Drop Off / Pick Up _pg73.html_

==Definitions==

Definitions: _pg100.html_

What are staging towns _pg101.html_

What are offline towns _pg102.html_

What is workbench _pg103.html_

What counts as an industry? _pg104.html_

What counts as a yard? _pg105.html_

How to represent interchanges? _pg106.html_

==Customizing==

Customization _pg200.html_

Changing default fonts _pg201.html_

==Style guide for HTML:==

HTML

H1 for title

h2 for major sections

All content should be in a <div id=leftspace">

All inline images should use the "floatRight" class to be against the right margin and take 30% of the column.  All images should have a link to the full image.

==Process==

Run /Developer/Applications/Utilities/Help Indexer.app after every set of changes.