#summary Public versions of SwitchList

= Introduction =

Master list of public releases of SwitchList.


= Details =

Version 0.7.2 (6/21/2011). This release provides a much-improved PICL report switchlist (thanks to James McNab!).  It also includes many cleanup changes to the switchlist display and printing code.  These changes make it easy to write your own switch list format, and may make the code work better on non-US sized paper.

5/9/2011: Announced that SwitchList is now an open source project.

Version 0.7.0 (4/23/2011).  New switchlists, fixed rate cargos, better documentation.

Changes include:
  * New switchlists: 
    * San Francisco Belt Railroad Form B-7
    * modern PICL report contributed by James McNab
  * Fixed "Print all" that prints all switchlists for all trains at once.
  * New "fixed rate" cargos that ship a fixed number of cars each day.
  * Fix problem with Web mode where some operations couldn't be done unless the layout was called "Vasona Branch".
  * Allow problem window messages to be copied.
  * Search fields in each window now search items with drop-down boxes.
  * Better error messages when industries and towns are unreachable.
  * Documentation on how to add door spotting instructions to your switchless.

Version 0.6.6 (3/6/2011). Fix incorrect behavior for industry names with apostrophes, problems opening files when an industry is associated with no towns. Change “Add more loads” button to add at least two new loads.

Version 0.6.5 (2/26/2011). Generate correct number of cars per session based on cars/week. Improve typewritten switchlists with better font and removal of car type key at bottom. Allow overriding font choices. Fix bug where handwritten dates didn’t match spaces on form. New documentation in Apple Help format.

Version 0.6.4 (2/20/2011). New Southern Pacific-style switchlist, realistic squiggles on duplicate entries, print “empty” instead of “unassigned” when a car is not reserved for a particular cargo.

Version 0.6.3 (2/5/2011). Add support for spotting cars at specific industry doors, new documentation, tool tips to show exact cargo in freight car. Import list of freight cars from text file.

Version 0.6.2 (11/17/2010). Clean up user interface, get rid of 1 yard/town limit, new icon. Printing document now prints switchlists for all trains.

Version 0.6.1 (11/9/2010). Added car types tab and UI for car types. File format changed to v3 to have CarType objects rather than just strings.

Version 0.5.3 (10/31/2010). Crash on clearing loads. Add layout info tab. Let “layout date” appear on printed switchlists.

Version 0.5.2 (10/31/2010). Fix crashes when reopening preference or help windows.

Version 0.5.1, (10/31/2010). First official release. PowerPC/Intel binary.